<h1>Daily Faction Rewards</h1>
 
Daily Faction Rewards are an accumulation of 3 different easy to do tasks which we hope for players to complete. The first task we want players to do is head over to the <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/Faction-Social-Lounges">Faction Social Lounge</a> and engage with other players with a simple comment like "Hi, I'm Steven" and conversing with other players with the goal of building and strengthening the community social networks. The second task we want players to do is to play any game monoGames offers for 5 turns (win or loose). The last task is to complete any mission in the game. Once you have completed all 3 task, the game will take into account your social standings and your stat's as a player and reward you loot chest rewards accordingly. So if you have a low social standing and low stat's because your a beginner, you might only receive 3 loot chest rewards but if you have a high social standings and your stat's are high expect in access of 100 loot chest rewards.
 
We are engineering our game to cater for Hard Core Players, Social Players and Investor Players with Sustainability interacting with the Metaverse and The Real World. Hard Core Players are probably going to win a lot of rewards playing the game. Social Players are going to be rewarded more for their Social Standings within the game with hanging out in the <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/Faction-Social-Lounges">Faction Social Lounge</a> and offering limited addition rooms of entertainment for players to engage with, with the angle of the more players that hang in your limited addition room(s), the more you will be able to earn with special daily quests and also special rewards from the game in appreciation for building and maintaining communities within the game. Hopefully social players earn just as much as Hard Core Gamers earn. Finally we have Whale Investors and Player Investors who probably have multiple accounts and have limited time, who have staked large amounts of tokens - all investors will have daily auto-complete rewards which work seamlessly in return for their early investment and belief in monoGames for which all funds go back into developing monoGames which you can see in <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/Tokenomics">Tokenomics</a> of monoGames. There is also Sustainability in the game that interacts with the Metaverse and The Real World which includes The Destiny Of The Universe and the Social aspects of the game which you will notice when we add those partnership deals into the game with Sustainable NFT's.

All three angles help the game grow in different ways so Hard Core Players will probably play to earn 24/7, Social Players will engage with and grow our game 24/7 with special daily quests and special rewards from the game while Investor Players invest into developing our game further while also being Sustainable in the Metaverse and The Real World, so monoGames would like to emphasis we are more than just games "were building a sustainable gaming ecosystem together with our ever evolving community".
